PG-1346 Release notes 16.8 (#724)
percona/postgresql-docs: docs/release-notes-v16.8.md

* You no longer have to specify the `{{dockertag}}-multi` tag when you run Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL in Docker. Instead, use the `percona/percona-distribution-postgresql:{{dockertag}}`. Docker automatically identifies the architecture of your operating system and pulls the corresponding image. Refer to [Run in Docker](docker.md) for how to get started.

### PostGIS is included into tarballs
 
We have extended Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL tarballs with PostGIS - an open-source extension to handle spacial data. This way you can install and run PostgreSQL as a geospatial database on hosts without a direct access to the Internet. Learn more about [installing from tarballs](tarball.md) and [Spacial data manipulation](postgis.md) 

## Deprecation of meta packages

[Meta-packages for Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL](repo-overview.md#repository-contents) are deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

## Supplied third-party extensions

> Review each extension’s release notes for What’s new, improvements, or bug fixes. The following is the list of extensions available in Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: should "What's new" be capped?

| [PgAudit](https://www.pgaudit.org/) | 16   | provides detailed session or object audit logging via the standard logging facility provided by PostgreSQL                |
| [pgAudit set_user](https://github.com/pgaudit/set_user)| 4.1.0 | provides an additional layer of logging and control when unprivileged users must escalate themselves to superusers or object owner roles in order to perform needed maintenance tasks.|
| [pgBackRest](https://pgbackrest.org/) | 2.54.2 | a backup and restore solution for PostgreSQL |
| [pgBadger](https://github.com/darold/pgbadger) | 13.0 | a fast PostgreSQL Log Analyzer. |
| [PgBouncer](https://www.pgbouncer.org/) | 1.24.0 | a lightweight connection pooler for PostgreSQL |
| [pg_gather](https://github.com/jobinau/pg_gather) | v29 | an SQL script for running the diagnostics of the health of PostgreSQL cluster |
| [pgpool2](https://git.postgresql.org/gitweb/?p=pgpool2.git;a=summary) | 4.5.5 | a middleware between PostgreSQL server and client for high availability, connection pooling, and load balancing. |
| [pg_repack](https://github.com/reorg/pg_repack) | 1.5.2 | rebuilds PostgreSQL database objects |

> | [pg_stat_monitor](https://github.com/percona/pg_stat_monitor) | 2.1.0 | collects and aggregates statistics for PostgreSQL and provides histogram information. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [pg_stat_monitor](https://github.com/percona/pg_stat_monitor) | {{pgsmversion}} | collects and aggregates statistics for PostgreSQL and provides histogram information. |
```
